{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green17\blue35;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6275\c8627\c18431;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8540\viewh8900\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 This is a solution to the CodeCademy U.S. Medical Insurance Costs project that marks the end of the Python Fundamentals course while on the Data Science career track. \
\
It was completed using a jupyter notebook and it is recommended to view the file within jupyter. There are code chunks and markdown cells that help determine what is going on within the file. \
\
This project is meant to test one\'92s abilities to use lists, use dictionaries, read  files with Python and utilize loops.  \
\
There aren\'92t set instructions on how to complete the project. The gist is to get the information and store it in variables. \
\
I used 4 questions from CodeCademy\'92s hints and formulated 7 more of my own. They are as follows:\
- Find out the average age of patients in the dataset\
- Analyze where a majority of the individuals are from\
- Look at the different costs between smokers vs. non-smokers\
- Figure out what the average age is for someone who has at least one child in this dataset
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
- What is the lowest cost and highest cost for each smoking group?\
- Are smokers older?\
- Are men or women more likely to smoke in this dataset?\
- Which region has the highest BMIs?\
- Which region\'92s costs are the lowest? \
- Which region\'92s costs are the highest?\
- How many children do the sexes have on average (within this dataset)? \
\
\
Overall, this project is meant to be clear in understanding with notated actions along the way. \
\
I\'92d love to receive feedback on GitHub, Kaggle (kaggle.com/nwhite13), or Codecademy. }